README.md, before:


cinefiles
=========


[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/hgibs/cinefiles.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hgibs/cinefiles)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/hgibs/cinefiles/master.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/hgibs/cinefiles/)

[![pypi version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/cinefiles.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/cinefiles)
[![# of downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/cinefiles.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/cinefiles)

[Changelog](https://github.com/hgibs/cinefiles/releases)

Organizes, indexes, and pulls relevant info for your movie library presented in a clean, locally-resourced, set of webpages.

Requirements
------------

- Python 3.5+
- *nix operating system (Mac OS, Linux, etc) (This will be cross-platform by v2.0)


Installation
------------

    pip install cinefiles

Usage
-----

Downloading to appropriatly named folders (each folder’s name is the name of the movie it holds) NOTE: Folders can contain subfolders with movies in them i.e. =&gt; “James Bond Movies/Goldeneye”

    import cinefiles as cf
    directory = "/Volumes/HDD/Movies"
    search = cf.Cinefiles(searchfolder=directory)
    search.run()

To rename folders automatically: (this can’t be undone automatically yet)

    import cinefiles as cf
    directory = "/Volumes/HDD/jumble_of_movies"
    organize = cf.Cinefolders(searchfolder=directory)
    organize.organizefolder()
    
Notes
-----

- If you change the name of any of your folders you'll have to run the run() function again to fix the links in the master index.htm
- Any movies that aren't found are written into a 'cinefiles-misses.txt' file in the search folder. Add a correctly made link.xml to that movie folder (see examples folder), or rename that movie's folder to a better (more searchable) name.

What does cinefiles actually do:
--------------------------------

cinefiles updates this folder…

-   Movies/  
    -   Down Periscope/  
        -   movie.mp4

    -   Grand Budapest Hotel (2014)/  
        -   somecrazyunrelatedname.mkv

    -   Mulan (1998)/  
        -   mulan.mp4

    -   Pirate Movies/  
        -   Pirates of the Caribbean At Worlds End/  
            -   worldsend.mov

        -   Pirates of the Caribbean The Curse of the Black Pearl/  
            -   blackpearl.mpv

… to have a structure like this:

-   Movies/  
    -   index.htm
    -   Down Periscope/  
        -   index.htm
        -   movie.mp4

    -   Grand Budapest Hotel (2014)/  
        -   index.htm
        -   somecrazyunrelatedname.mkv

    -   Mulan (1998)/  
        -   index.htm
        -   mulan.mp4

    -   Pirate Movies/  
        -   Pirates of the Caribbean At Worlds End/  
            -   index.htm
            -   worldsend.mov

        -   Pirates of the Caribbean The Curse of the Black Pearl/  
            -   index.htm
            -   blackpearl.mpv

To remove all the added files:
------------------------------

    import cinefiles as cf
    clear_run = cf.Cinefiles(configfile='cinefiles.ini')
    clear_run.clear_run.purgecinefiles()

What does cinefolders actually do: ================================

cinefiles updates this folder…

-   Movies/  
    -   Manchester.by.the.Sea.2016.DVDScr.XVID.AC3.HQ.Hive-CM8.mkv
    -   mulan.mp4
    -   men who stare at goats, the.mp4

… to this!

Movies/  
-   Manchester by the Sea (2016)/  
    -   Manchester.by.the.Sea.2016.DVDScr.XVID.AC3.HQ.Hive-CM8.mkv

-   Mulan (1984)/  
    -   mulan.mp4

-   Men who stare at goats, The/  
    -   the\_men\_who\_stare\_at\_goats.mp4

Which can conveniently then be properly parsed by cinefiles!

--------------------

[<img src="https://www.themoviedb.org/assets/static_cache/ef94b9673bbf5f1290718772d546bc30/images/v4/logos/powered-by-square-blue.svg" height="100" width="98">](https://www.themoviedb.org/)

Commit message:

Added progress note to readme

README.md, after:


cinefiles
=========


[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/hgibs/cinefiles.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hgibs/cinefiles)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/hgibs/cinefiles/master.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/hgibs/cinefiles/)

[![pypi version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/cinefiles.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/cinefiles)
[![# of downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/cinefiles.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/cinefiles)

[Changelog](https://github.com/hgibs/cinefiles/releases)

Organizes, indexes, and pulls relevant info for your movie library presented in a clean, locally-resourced, set of webpages.

NOTE:
------

I am reviving this project after a year off, its not currently working but I expect it to be working in the next few months (around JAN 2020)

Requirements
------------

- Python 3.5+
- *nix operating system (Mac OS, Linux, etc) (This will be cross-platform by v2.0)


Installation
------------

    pip install cinefiles

Usage
-----

Downloading to appropriatly named folders (each folder’s name is the name of the movie it holds) NOTE: Folders can contain subfolders with movies in them i.e. =&gt; “James Bond Movies/Goldeneye”

    import cinefiles as cf
    directory = "/Volumes/HDD/Movies"
    search = cf.Cinefiles(searchfolder=directory)
    search.run()

To rename folders automatically: see cinefolders the sister project to this (in progress)

(this can’t be undone automatically yet)

    import cinefiles as cf
    directory = "/Volumes/HDD/jumble_of_movies"
    organize = cf.Cinefolders(searchfolder=directory)
    organize.organizefolder()
    
Notes
-----

- If you change the name of any of your folders you'll have to run the run() function again to fix the links in the master index.htm
- Any movies that aren't found are written into a 'cinefiles-misses.txt' file in the search folder. Add a correctly made link.xml to that movie folder (see examples folder), or rename that movie's folder to a better (more searchable) name.

What does cinefiles actually do:
--------------------------------

cinefiles updates this folder…

-   Movies/  
    -   Down Periscope/  
        -   movie.mp4

    -   Grand Budapest Hotel (2014)/  
        -   somecrazyunrelatedname.mkv

    -   Mulan (1998)/  
        -   mulan.mp4

    -   Pirate Movies/  
        -   Pirates of the Caribbean At Worlds End/  
            -   worldsend.mov

        -   Pirates of the Caribbean The Curse of the Black Pearl/  
            -   blackpearl.mpv

… to have a structure like this:

-   Movies/  
    -   index.htm
    -   Down Periscope/  
        -   index.htm
        -   movie.mp4

    -   Grand Budapest Hotel (2014)/  
        -   index.htm
        -   somecrazyunrelatedname.mkv

    -   Mulan (1998)/  
        -   index.htm
        -   mulan.mp4

    -   Pirate Movies/  
        -   Pirates of the Caribbean At Worlds End/  
            -   index.htm
            -   worldsend.mov

        -   Pirates of the Caribbean The Curse of the Black Pearl/  
            -   index.htm
            -   blackpearl.mpv

To remove all the added files:
------------------------------

    import cinefiles as cf
    clear_run = cf.Cinefiles(configfile='cinefiles.ini')
    clear_run.clear_run.purgecinefiles()

What does cinefolders actually do: ================================

cinefiles updates this folder…

-   Movies/  
    -   Manchester.by.the.Sea.2016.DVDScr.XVID.AC3.HQ.Hive-CM8.mkv
    -   mulan.mp4
    -   men who stare at goats, the.mp4

… to this!

Movies/  
-   Manchester by the Sea (2016)/  
    -   Manchester.by.the.Sea.2016.DVDScr.XVID.AC3.HQ.Hive-CM8.mkv

-   Mulan (1984)/  
    -   mulan.mp4

-   Men who stare at goats, The/  
    -   the\_men\_who\_stare\_at\_goats.mp4

Which can conveniently then be properly parsed by cinefiles!

--------------------

[<img src="https://www.themoviedb.org/assets/static_cache/ef94b9673bbf5f1290718772d546bc30/images/v4/logos/powered-by-square-blue.svg" height="100" width="98">](https://www.themoviedb.org/)
